refactor(compiler-cli): error on cyclic imports in partial compilation (#40782)
angular/angular: aio/content/errors/NG3003.md

> @name Import Cycle Detected

Reviewer: I love that we have this now. This is super neat!

a `ParentComponent` references a `ChildComponent` in its template:

<code-example path="errors/cyclic-imports/parent.component.ts" header="parent.component.ts"></code-example>

<code-example path="errors/cyclic-imports/child.component.ts" header="child.component.ts"></code-example>

There is already an import from `child.component.ts` to `parent.component.ts` since the `ChildComponent`
references the `ParentComponent` in its constructor.

But note that the parent component's template contains `<child></child>`. The generated code for this
template must therefore contain a reference to the `ChildComponent` class. In order to make this reference
the compiler would have to add an import from `parent.component.ts` to `child.component.ts`, which would
cause an import cycle:

```text
parent.component.ts -> child.component.ts -> parent.component.ts
```

### Remote Scoping

To avoid adding imports that create cycles, additional code is added to the `NgModule` class where
the component is declared that wires up the dependencies. This is known as "remote scoping".

### Libraries

Unfortunately, "remote scoping" code is side-effectful, which prevents tree shaking, and cannot

> be used in libraries. So when building libraries using the `"compilation-mode": "partial"` setting,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be used in libraries. So when building libraries using the `"compilationMode": "partial"` setting,
```

any component that would cause a cyclic import will cause this NG3003 compiler error to be raised.

@debugging

The cycle that would be generated is shown as part of the error message. For example:

> > The component ChildComponent is used in the template but importing it would create a cycle:

Reviewer: The current message would be 
```suggestion
> The directive or component ChildComponent is used in the template but importing it would create a cycle:
```

> > /parent.component.ts -> /child.component.ts -> /parent.component.ts

Reviewer: This reminds me that it would be nice if we use paths relative to the base directory here

Author: I really wanted to do that but the base directory is only available some levels up from where these strings are generated. So it would have been a big refactoring to get hold of it and I wasn't sure it was worth the disruption.
Ideas welcome.

Reviewer: I see, let's go without it.
